[Run][Plugin Manager] Doc for 3rd party plugins (#27566)
microsoft/PowerToys: doc/thirdPartyRunPlugins.md

# Third-Party Run Plugins

Collection of third-party Run plugins created by the community that aren't distributed with PowerToys.

## Installing / Upgrading

> The recommended path for the plugins is `%LOCALAPPDATA%\Microsoft\PowerToys\PowerToys Run\Plugins`.

Reviewer: so if you have a machine wide installer ... this still works?  Doesn't machine wide install at program files?  TIL

Reviewer 2: We have two folders: Program files and user profile. And I have in mind that there were some fixing PRs in the past.

Author: I confirm that.
Plugins are loaded from `INSTALL-PATH\PowerToys\modules\launcher\Plugins` + `%LOCALAPPDATA%\Microsoft\PowerToys\PowerToys Run\Plugins`.
I am using the second path with a machine installation since 0.68.0 but IIRC should work with older versions too.

> - Close PowerToys
> - Copy the plugin folder to `%LOCALAPPDATA%\Microsoft\PowerToys\PowerToys Run\Plugins`
> - Delete previous version in case of upgrade
> - Open PowerToys

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
1. Close PowerToys.
1. Copy the plugin folder to `%LOCALAPPDATA%\Microsoft\PowerToys\PowerToys Run\Plugins`.
1. If you're upgrading a plugin, delete the previous version.
1. Open PowerToys.
```

Step-by-step instructions [should be in a numbered list and each step should end in a period](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/style-guide/procedures-instructions/writing-step-by-step-instructions#complex-procedures).

Refer to plugin instruction for more details.

## Disclaimer

The following plugins are created and maintained by third-party and not officially supported or recognized by Microsoft.  
Users install and use these plugins at their own risk, and Microsoft takes no responsibility for their functionality or any potential issues they may cause.  

> For assistance, please contact the respective plugin developers directly.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Contact the developers of a plugin directly for assistance with a specific plugin.
```

Simpler sentence structure and [avoids using please](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/style-guide/a-z-word-list-term-collections/p/please).

## Plugins

> | Plugin | Description |

Reviewer 2: Let's have a language column. Some third-party plugins are in non-english language.

Author: I don't think this is a good idea to bring too many plugin details in PT repo. These may change and become outdated.

Reviewer: Lets see where stuff goes.  Start smaller and see where it goes.  I'm happy with the current approach

Reviewer 2: > These may change and become outdated.

valid point.

> | Plugin | Description |

Reviewer: | Plugin | Author | Description |  

why: I like the idea of being sure we directly give author's credit.  It also directly states this is not a built-in plugin.

| ------ | ------ | ----------- |

> | [BrowserSearch](https://github.com/TBM13/BrowserSearch) | [TBM13](https://github.com/TBM13) | Search in your browser history |

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
| [BrowserSearch](https://github.com/TBM13/BrowserSearch) | [TBM13](https://github.com/TBM13) | Search your browser history |
```
